remove preview and add 10 last version (#37967)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_security/guide/public_artifact_vulnerabilities.md

## Available artifacts (images)

> The **Image** dropdown is populated from the list of tracked public artifacts. We currently support the **latest 10 versions** of tracked public images. If an expected artifact is missing, contact [Datadog Support][1] to request that it be added.

Reviewer: Can your replace "We currently" with either the product name or Datadog.

```suggestion
The **Image** dropdown is populated from the list of tracked public artifacts. Public Artifact Vulnerabilities supports the **latest 10 versions** of tracked public images. If an expected artifact is missing, contact [Datadog Support][1] to request that it be added.
```
